fix(docs): hide scroll-to anchor on icons search page (#5715)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/yummy-dots-look.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Made the scroll-to anchor on the icons search page unfocussable and hided it for screenreaders, since we only need it our custom search.block javascript logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Made the scroll-to anchor on the icons search page unfocusable and hid it for screenreaders, since we only need it for our custom search-icons.block javascript logic.
```
